Update Documentation - Separate Add-On Pages (#561)
OpenStickCommunity/GP2040-CE: docs/faq-ps4-ps5-compatibility.md

The GP2040-CE project will not provide ***any*** files or information related to acquiring these keys and files.

!> **Do not ask via any of communication channels (e.g. social media, direct messages, Github Issues, GP2040-CE) as this will result in a permanent blacklist/ban.**

## What controller or dongle do I use for PS Passthrough?

This depends on whether you are aiming to avoid the 8 minute timeout on PS4 or are looking to get your controller working on PS5.

### Playstation 4

For avoiding the 8 minute timeout on PS4, any PS4 controller or converter should work unless the device is not a valid and accepted as a proper controller on its own with a PS4.

### Playstation 5

> For PS5 compatibility, there are a number of devices that the PS5 recognizes as a "specialty" controller (e.g. arcade stick, racing wheel, flight sim joystick, etc.) where the developer of the game has supported the use of "specialty" controllers. Any device works as a specialty PS4 controller (arcade stick/racing wheel/flight sim joystick) or a dongle that allows a controller to authenticates as such should work for games that support it. Note that this is not all games, but most fighting games and vehicle simulators do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For PS5 compatibility, there are a number of devices that the PS5 recognizes as a "categorized" controller (e.g. arcade stick, racing wheel, flight sim joystick, etc.) where the developer of the game has supported the use of "categorized" controllers. Any USB device that works as a categorized PS4 controller (arcade stick/racing wheel/flight sim joystick) or a USB dongle that allows a controller to authenticate should work with GP2040-CE. Note that this functionality is not present in all games, but is common in fighting games and racing simulators.
```

Some devices that do work for PS5 include, but are not limited to;

- [MagicBoots FPS Adapter Joysick Converter for PS4 v1.1](https://www.mayflash.com/product/MAGPS4.html)
- [N5 for PXN Game Steering Wheel](https://pxn-game.com/products/n5-for-pxn-game-steering-wheel)
- PCBs from Licensed PS4 Arcade Sticks

> Because your experience and purchased products may vary, GP2040-CE will not bear the responsibility of providing specific recommendations beyond these known working devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because your experience and purchased products may vary, GP2040-CE will not provide specific recommendations beyond these known working devices.
```
